Add docker build and compose (#8)
mKaloer/TFServingCache: deploy/docker-compose/readme.md

# Motivation

In some use cases, the cache functionality looks usable even without scaling on more than one host, for example:

> - I have shared folder (S3 bucket) with a couple of thousand models, and want to use the only couple of then in the local environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have shared folder (S3 bucket) with a couple of thousand models, and want to use only a couple of them in the local environment
```

- I want to test the 'caching' functionality of 'tfservingcache' and don't want to set up any discovery service

# How to try

> Here small instruction on how to run TFservingCache with Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a small instruction on how to run TFservingCache with Docker:
```

- first of all, we need some ML models suitable for TFServing, the best place, I think, is TFServing repository, so
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/tensorflow/serving
# Location of demo models
$ MODEL_REPO="$(pwd)/serving/tensorflow_serving/servables/tensorflow/testdata"
```

> - then TFServing with attached to it cache can be starter like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- then TFServing with the cache attached to it can be started like so:
```
